REMIX
=====

Eclipse-based tooling for creating presentations from re-usable modules.

## Installation

Currently, no update site is available for REMIX.
Thus, users have to install a proper Eclipse version
(e.g., Eclipse Kepler for DSL developers) first.
After that, clone this repository and build the projects
in your Eclipse environment.

Unfortunately, there is no ANT or Maven build available, too.
You have to run the mwe2 file in org.nanosite.remix to generate
the infrastructure for the REMIX DSL.


## General idea

REMIX combines re-usable presentation parts (i.e., sets of slides, aka modules)
to build complete presentations. It can be used for creating any type of presentation
(even any kind of textual document), but it works best with [reveal.js](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/).

REMIX handles two kinds of files:
- the actual presentation content (e.g., html-files for reveal.js)
- REMIX-files (suffix rmx) for controlling the content and providing metadata

REMIX comes with a nice editor for working with REMIX-files (*.rmx).
The REMIX language is described below.


## REMIX language

The most important concepts of the REMIX language are
<code>module</code>, <code>collection</code> and <code>presentation</code>.

### Modules in REMIX

TBD.

### Collections in REMIX

TBD.

### Presentations in REMIX

TBD.


## REMIX generator

The REMIX generator is triggered when saving an rmx-file which contains
a <code>presentation</code> section. The target folder for the 
generated presentation will be determined from the <code>=></code> attribute
at the end of the <code>presentation</code> section. This might be a relative path
(which is resolved relatively to the rmx-file's location) or an absolute path.
At this target path, a further subfolder will be created which will be named
like the presentation name.

The generator will collect the content files of
all the presentation's modules into one resulting <code>index.html</code>.
Additionally, it will collect the contents of the <code>resources</code>
folder of each module into a common <code>resources</code> folder which is
located beneath the <code>index.html</code> file. This mechanism can be used
to handle images, additional javascript files, and many more.


## Using REMIX with reveal.js

The example project <code>org.nanosite.remix.revealjs</code> shows how
REMIX can be used to build reveal.js presentations. See the two examples in 
the <code>models</code> folder. Triggered by a save-action, a folder
<code>presentation-gen</code> will be created in the root of the project
which contains the presentation. In order to show the result as a 
reveal-HTML5-presentation, copy the content of a typical reveal.js-presentation
into the same folder (without overwriting <code>index.html</code>) and open
the <code>index.html</code> (generated by REMIX) in your browser
(reveal.js works best with Google Chrome).

